Hahaha consequences
What consequences can a dying person cause?
You narrowly escaped at sea 3 years ago
You can't escape today
Three or three years ago
You did it too
Sweet is you stupid
Yeah, I am.
It's me, are you angry?
Hahahahaha
Hahaha
I was watching my husband.
Jumped to my death in front of me
And there was nothing I could do.
This pain
Your family members dare to try the mission
stop
Even this woman is arguing cheaply
No.
Ah, what's going on?
How could this be?
Real beach remote
I've already beaten you
Xiuyuan
Why would you do that?
As long as he is dead
You can have everything in the Rong family
Aunt can help you have everything in the Rong family
Come on, give me my remote control